Add changelogs for 1.10.0 release (#1123)
heremaps/here-data-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

##  v1.10.0 (12/14/2020)

**Common**

> * Added a shared_mutex class.

Reviewer: * Ported the `std::shared_mutex` class from the C++17 Standard Library to be able to use it in C++11/14 code.

> * Added status logging of the network requests on iOS platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added status logging of the network requests on iOS platform. Now you will see the HTTP return code for each completed request in the logs.
```

> * Ported the std::shared_mutex class from the C++17 Standard Library to be able to use it in C++11/14 code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Ported the `std::shared_mutex` class from the C++17 Standard Library to use it in C++11/14 code.
```

> * Added the logging status of the network requests on the iOS platform. Now you will see the HTTP return code for each completed request in the logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the logging status of the network requests on the iOS platform. Now, you can see an HTTP return code for each completed request in logs.
```

* Fixed the proxy warming message on Android platform.
* Added `Open` and `Close` API to `olp::cache::DefaultCache`. It can be used to open or close individual caches.

> * `olp::client::ApiLookupClient` now caches the `olp::client::OlpClient` instances internaly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `olp::client::ApiLookupClient` now caches the `olp::client::OlpClient` instances internaly. This will enable us to merge same URL requests inside the `olp::client::OlpClient` instance.
```

> * `olp::client::ApiLookupClient` now caches the `olp::client::OlpClient` instances internaly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `olp::client::ApiLookupClient` now caches the `olp::client::OlpClient` instances internally.
```

> * Added the `Open` and `Close` API to `olp::cache::DefaultCache`. You can use them to open or close individual caches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `Open` and `Close` APIs to `olp::cache::DefaultCache`. You can use them to open or close individual caches.
```

* Added merge of the same requests in `olp::client::OlpClient` class. Internally it merges te same requests by URL and with empty payload.

> * Removed the unnecessary sleep in `olp::http::NetworkCurl` which forced all requests to be at least 100 ms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the unnecessary sleep in `olp::http::NetworkCurl` which forced all requests to be at least 100 ms. The 2 seconds sleep when there are no used handles is still in place.
```

> * `olp::client::ApiLookupClient` now caches the `olp::client::OlpClient` instances internally. This will enable us to merge same URL requests inside the `olp::client::OlpClient` instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `olp::client::ApiLookupClient` now caches the `olp::client::OlpClient` instances internally. Now, you can merge the same URL requests inside the `olp::client::OlpClient` instance.
```

> * Added downloaded size and time of execution for requests in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added downloaded size and time of execution in logs for completed requests in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`. Now you will see upon completion how much data was downloaded and how long the request took.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

> * Added a new GetMyAccount API. It can retrieve user informarmation for the issued access_token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `GetMyAccount` API to `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient`. It can retrieve user information based on a valid access token previously requested by the user upon sign-in.
```

> * Expose the Crypto class and methods used by module internaly.

Reviewer: Full namespace path, please. Explain shortly what can be done with the Crypto class.

> * Expose the Crypto class and methods used by module internaly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Exposed the `Crypto` class and methods that were used by the module internally.
```

> * Removed the unnecessary sleep, which forced all requests to be at least 100 ms, from olp::http::NetworkCurl. The 2 seconds sleep when there are no used handles is still in place.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Removed the unnecessary sleep, which forced all requests to be at least 100 ms, from olp::http::NetworkCurl. 2-second sleep can still occur when there are no used handles.
```

**olp-cpp-sdk-dataservice-read**

> * Fixed the data race inside TaskSink class.

Reviewer: Explain shortly what the issue was. Full namespace with proper markdown for code.

> * Fixed the data race inside TaskSink class.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed the data race inside the `TaskSink` class.
```

> * Adapt StreamLayerClient, CatalogClient to use TaskSink.

Reviewer: Full namespaces and use code markdown, e.g. `olp::client::TaskSink`.

> * Adapt StreamLayerClient, CatalogClient to use TaskSink.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adapted `StreamLayerClient` and `CatalogClient` to use `TaskSink`.
```

> * Fixed the expiration of the latest version. The user provided expiration was not propagated to cache.

Reviewer: Please add the scenarios, i.e. We always go online first then save to cache so that CacheOnly users always find the latest catalog version valid in cache. If a new version is available online we update the value in cache to the new catalog version.

Author: It was already specified in the prev. release

> * Fixed the expiration of the latest version. The user provided expiration was not propagated to cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed the expiration time of the latest version. The user-provided expiration time was not propagated to the cache.
```

> * Added downloaded size and time of execution in logs for completed requests in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`. Now you will see upon completion how much data was downloaded and how long the request took.

Reviewer 3: Maybe "to logs"

> * Added downloaded size and time of execution in logs for completed requests in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`. Now you will see upon completion how much data was downloaded and how long the request took.

Reviewer 3: Maybe "to logs"

> * Added downloaded size and time of execution to logs for completed requests in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`. Now you will see upon completion how much data was downloaded and how long the request took.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added downloaded size and time of execution to logs for completed requests in `olp::http::NetworkCurl`. Now, upon completion, you can see how much data was downloaded and how long the request took.
```

> * Merged the same concurrent `GetPartitions` requests into a single HTTP request.

Reviewer: Please specify that this happens for both VersionLayerClient & VolatileLayerClient.

> * Various changes in logging, decrease level of certain messages to reduce the output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Various changes in logging; decreased the level of messages to reduce the output.
```

> * Added the `olp::authentication::Crypto` class, it exposes the SHA256 and HMAC-SHA256 algorithms used by module internally. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Added the `olp::authentication::Crypto` class. It exposes the SHA256 and HMAC-SHA256 algorithms used by the module internally. 
```

> * Fixed the data race inside `olp::client::TaskSink` class. The data race was happenning when a new task was added during destruction, and then the task was crashing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed the data race inside the `olp::client::TaskSink` class. The data race happened when a new task was added during the destruction and then crashed.
```

> * Adapt `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient` and `olp::dataservice::read::CatalogClient` to use `olp::client::TaskSink`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Adapted `olp::dataservice::read::StreamLayerClient` and `olp::dataservice::read::CatalogClient` to use `olp::client::TaskSink`.
```
